 Girls, we have to do this the same because it looks a little sloppy.
 I believe that Tammy will have some trouble adapting to different styles.
 I should be more sexy.
 Go back, baby. Go back.
 I'll have that on, honey.
 From what I've seen so far, she has a unique style, but just one dimension.
 Being able to show our style really helps because we get to look a little bit more elegant and show a little bit more.
 And I feel really good.
 I even see the appearances. She likes talent.
 I walked into the room today. It's Elimination Day.
 You know, I think I did well with my challenge.
 I don't think I'm going to be in the bottom, too.
 I actually really want to see myself.
 Hi, I'm Jade.
 Let me tell you, it's not easy being a queen.
 Juggling from photo shoots to dance rehearsals.
 Juggling from photo shoots.
 Tell me a little bit about Stella.
 So I make sure that I make time.
 So I make sure that I make time to spread awareness on different epidemics and signals that are affecting our community.
 That's what makes me viva glam.
 Modeling and dancing, you know, I didn't have to second think that at all, so it was fun.
 I think my outcome was pretty good and I gave them enough material to make an awesome commercial.
 I really did a good job.
 And I'm like freaking out because, you know, this is an African American woman
 and I am a light skinned Puerto Rican.
 Like, how am I going to do this?
 How am I supposed to be a black woman right now?
 Like, this is insane.
 So I look over and I see a baby and I'm like, oh, God, she's going to win this challenge
 because she almost even looks like Oprah, you know what I'm saying?
 Like, so she's put on her little makeup, pick up the costume and boom, she's got it.
 Well, Kasia didn't do half the work that Tammy did and, like, she really tried and, you know,
 the judges didn't really see that part.
 I don't think Kasia is so much of a threat.
 But let's not get Katie. Let's not get Katie.
 It's not that serious. Let's just grab it.
 Do what?
 She likes professionalism.
 It was too bad.
 So I had to keep on asking her, well, what color blush you want?
 Do you want black eyeliner? Do you want lower lashes?
 And I shouldn't have to do that.
 I like that.
 Look at me, baby.
 Wow.
 But what makes me a true queen is that I know that beauty doesn't only come from the exterior.
 But it also comes in from the, ugh.
 Can really make it that good.
 Okay.
 It's honestly happy.
 Hi, I'm Jade.
 And let me tell you, it's not easy being a queen.
 I was nervous, but I said, okay, calm down.
 Just, you know, breathe and just do this the way you want to do it.
 My area of expertise is dance, just like Rebecca's area of expertise is sewing.
 It's just, it's been really hard.
 The music wasn't in my ear, so I didn't know what was going on.
 It's a dance rehearsal.
 I would move on, uh-huh.
 It takes me about a good hour to put makeup on.
 So being that I had half the time was nerve-breaking.
 I understand, you know, it was funny, whatever.
 But I think that really kind of embarrassed me.
 Let's take a look at your Oprah challenge.
 Tell me a little bit about your, um, book tort.
 Being able to win extra time really helps me out a lot.
 And, you know, it actually calms me down because I hate to admit I'm a really nervous person
 and I let my nerves get to me.
 And I really have to control my nerve and use it to my advantage.
 Thank you.
 I know that in my heart, I am a people glam girl.
 Now, what's going through my mind is how am I going to deliver this?
 What is it that I'm going to wear?
 How am I going to be able to talk and just kind of break out of the shell that they've
 been wanting me to?
 She's here, and we're doing a switching size.
 No, I got that.
 Oh, I got that.
 So you should be here.
 Right.
 From the beginning.
 No, no, no.
 I'm worried about the time to finish and wrap it up.
 There's a caddiness between some of the girls.
 They'll say little comments.
 Chanel was the total opposite of Oprah.
 It's a little frustrating when no one's a greek.
 I strive to continue going towards my goals because I know I'm closer and closer every
 day.
 I have dark foundations and I'm going to go a little bit dark.
 But I don't know if I have dark powders.
 I like to need some of what you borrow me some.
 Akasha, she gave me a makeup plan and it just had three eyeshadows on it and the colors
 of the eyeshadow.
 It had a--
 I'm not acting so strange.
 Oh my god, you're doing the cry-lawn thing?
 I think she--
 Thank you.
 She has a strategy and she's just going with it and you know what?
 It worked for her.
 That is what it is.
 I just think that she's trying to play the bittrel and I don't think it's going to work
 out to her favorite.
 And she lacks personality because she is fake.
 What am I supposed to do with this?
 I'm just worried about the eyes.
 That's awesome.
 I washed my face completely and started over again.
 I had to do that again.
 I could have easily gone home losing to any of the other girls except for Rebecca.
 Thank you.
 They have the low cuts as well as different boxers and regular uncles.
 Who's first?
 I'm definitely feeling good for runway.
 This is Dominatrix let go and I put the red ruby wool lipstick.
 Personal purple, right?
 Well, let's start again.
 Let's not even waste time.
 I started again if Akasha is the group leader but when it came down to my part where you
 exciting me as choreographer, then now you need to shut up and listen to what I'm telling
 you to do.
 One, two.
 I'm facing this way and then I have to turn this left.
 You're here.
 It's a little frustrating when no one's agreeing and you know there's a time limit.
 Let me know when you're done with that.
 So, there's a lot of weight on me and Tammy's shoulders right now.
 Rebecca is the fakest bitch I've ever met in my life.
 One, two, just eight and one, real simple.
 The challenge that we're doing today is to embrace Oprah and I freaked out because I
 thought that we really had a impersonator.
 They never said you have to look like me.
 Rebecca is the fakest bitch I've ever met in my life.
 She is Chanel.
 Good night.
 If I go out and I do it to my full potential and as good as I'll look and as great as I'll
 perform, it'll just look like I'm out doing my team.
 I felt Tammy because she was getting shot down a lot by BB Anakasha.
 I'm not the group captain so I couldn't back her up.
 Takasha.
 All she's done has drawn out the sketches of what our makeup is for tomorrow.
 And it's not like she's doing all of our makeup.
 She still hasn't done anything else.
 Is that on with me?
 Well, she could start.
 It's threading.
 Whatever.
 And you know, with Irian, President Muhammad, Amagos Jidda, Takasha is the group leader but
 she wanted to throw a little attitude and kind of like, you know, take charge and that's
 when it starts getting a little bit personal.
 You know what?
 I feel that I have a lot to offer and I'm out to get that so, you know, I feel like I'm
 going to win this.
 I don't even see the appearances.
 But I make sure I make time to spread awareness on different epidemics and stigma that affects
 in our community.
 That's what makes me be a glam.
 I'm dying to perform on stage because honestly, you can run through a choreography a thousand
 times but if you don't go through it on that stage with the music, with the lights, it's
 not the same issue.
 Listen, listen, you girls have to understand this part.
 The left.
 Right.
 Left.
 Right.
 Okay.
 I think I've just been hurt a lot and I just kind of just guard myself and I just don't
 want to put myself out there to be hurt, you know.
 I just need to work on my nerve.
 This is going to be the first time that I impersonate somebody, like, try to put their
 makeup on.
 Why are you trying to do that?
 German Chancellor Angela Merkel, we're a plot.
 Merkel's saying in statement, Amajal Jan can do better than me.
 My area of expertise is dance.
 I think the way that I'll shine is by not doing my team.
 I won my first challenge which I'm really excited about and especially, you know, having such
 a rough week last week, being able to come in this week and start with a clean slate and
 I'm really happy.
 Okay.
 First.
