 I mean, I had fierce clothes, but not clothes that all proud would wear.
 Hit TV show. I'm sorry. Hit TV show. Hit TV show.
 What the big time? Tell me about the TV show.
 I look gorgeous with those pumps on.
 Work. Look at that's beautiful.
 Take... Oh, look at that's a beautiful name.
 I look like a whole different person.
 I got it.
 It's all in my mind, so hopefully I remember.
 She's very into it, you know.
 She really wants to do it and she's so excited.
 And that makes it really good to work with her.
 Woo! Look it out.
 No. When you're here, okay, you bring the one that is in the back,
 bring it up front and then you turn.
 Oh, I was worried. She might not get what I was trying to tell her.
 I don't feel like I was the best.
 I didn't saw anybody else, but I wasn't so bad.
 This is some, like, Gina Davis, really...
 Wouldn't you like to be part of this great cause?
 You still have a minute and a minute?
 And we already know that Mr. Santino is...
 It's very hard to face elimination day,
 especially now that it's getting very, very tight.
 There's a lot to be done.
 Keep in mind that we were having the same time, as always.
 This time, we have to split those hours in two persons.
 Yes.
 But that is exactly what makes me stand out and I'm different.
 Ms. Bibi will be Raspberry.
 All right.
 Ms. Chanel will be Ms. Manderie
 and Ms. Rebecca Glasgow.
 Ms. Citron.
 Well, good luck to both of you.
 Thanks, bro.
 The first thing I did when they assigned me to her was that...
 We need to work on that catwalk.
 For the past 15 years of my life,
 I have dedicated myself to the art of female impersonation.
 And that is why I feel I should win this competition,
 because I want to be able to share with the world
 my experience and inspire others.
 In my case, I don't have any realness executives, though,
 because I don't dress like an executive.
 And yet again, it's green.
 I mean, what woman do you see going to the office in green?
 A little bit...
 Don't put words in my mouth, girl.
 You're the one complaining of me.
 My mom, God bless her soul.
 She helped me break the news to my father,
 and he ended up thinking that, "Well, what can I do?"
 You're the winner.
 Let's model.
 No matter what happens, I already feel that I'm a winner.
 I have met some incredible people through this event,
 and every day that goes by, I'm learning,
 and that is awesome.
 All this time that we've been here in this competition,
 we have been under her care,
 but we didn't have that opportunity to cross words with her
 and go into them our more personal lives.
 And it was amazing.
 War leaders from Japanese Prime Minister Jatsu Fukadou.
 This is going to be interesting.
 Brian didn't waste any time.
 He was very hard and very sharp on the choreography.
 Riot heard it.
 When I got here, I was a little bit frustrated.
 The attention of being there and not knowing what's going to happen is incredible.
 And I want to win this really bad.
 I struggle a little bit with my rap because my accent was, like, really strong.
 Like, give me everything that you've got and, like, all the energy that you have.
 So these girls, they never wear heels, so they don't know how to walk in heels.
 Why? Because America's next drag queen superstar should be someone with experience
 so that this person can take the title with dignity and respect.
 It's a wonderful experience.
 I keep reading your name.
 I look out for the worst mistake because you're supposed to be disappointed.
 Look out, you know what? That's one thing I never learned.
 Everybody's real name.
 You have to work together again.
 Yes, you will. And that's the truth, you will.
 Right? Rebecca?
 No.
 I'm a great entertainer.
 And I will prove it.
 Nina, how do you feel today?
 It's been a great journey and this last challenge was the most fun and outrageous.
 Let's take a look.
 Awesome.
 Yeah, right.
 The mango.
 That is huge.
 How am I going to place a mango in an evening gown?
 You know, that's going to be real tacky.
 It's going to look idiots.
 Who want to wear that?
 Nobody.
 Not even me.
 All the fabrics were provided to us.
 So everybody had the same stuff to work with.
 Ourselves, like, I mean, with our own personalities and our own character.
 Or are they looking for us to do it?
 Like, she would do it.
 Because it is that?
 If it's that, I'm right.
 Because I never want to do it.
 To be honest with you, I was worried because I have language issues.
 I have a problem with my English pronouncing some words.
 Really?
 My cruise was directing the video and we worked with him in our first challenge.
 So it was good because we had a good connection.
 No, no, no.
 Stand up, stand up.
 Great.
 Now why do you think they're going to make us do next?
 I don't know.
 Chanel, flowers.
 I love our words.
 Tell me about your age.
 At age, I never watch old Prashol.
 My favorite part of doing drag is the transformation.
 It's amazing how I'm able to change while I'm doing my makeup, my past, my hair.
 And while I'm doing every single step, Nina takes over more and more.
 And finally, when she's done, the different persona comes out.
 That's really where the art is, very good.
 Here we are, girls.
 Girls, girls.
 I am ready to be the next drag queen superstar.
 Work it, honey.
 Work it.
 Work it.
 Even though we're after today, we're going separate ways.
 I don't think this is the last time we're going to be doing this together.
 Mmm.
 Only three of us left.
 Final row.
 I could win this and I won win this very bad.
 You never have to be able to bottom two.
 It doesn't make you better.
 Yeah.
 The car said about the hit TV.
 OK.
 Look, I said HIV.
 With all the work that we've been doing, there was a little bit of tension.
 Yeah.
 I want you to hold this, hold it, right there.
 I ended up with Mia.
 And as soon as I saw her, I said, I definitely have to work on an outfit for her.
 Because none of my clothes is going to fit in her.
 Why do I just walk away?
 I know one of these is so bad that I think it turned against her.
 Created.
 Nobody said anything about that.
 I was worried because I usually come through on the wrong way very well.
 And this time she was doing it for me.
 So that was scary.
 I know.
 Thank you, baby.
 It's totally Nina, but like 10 feet taller.
 I finished the makeover for my girl, but I was worried about me.
 The most difficult time in my career was when my mom died.
 I took a break from performing and rethink what I really wanted to do with my life.
 And after two years, I realized that she would have wanted me to keep on going.
 It was very emotional because my father always knew, but it was a subject that he would never speak about it.
 And when I decided to come back, we had this big celebration in Puerto Rico.
 And my sister surprised me, bringing my father.
 On my opening night.
 I said, I have to confess that I'm very good using the machine when I have patterns.
 Unfortunately, I didn't brought any with me.
 Oh, you don't have patterns, huh?
 But I decided to take one of my shirts and I cut it.
 And actually, I'm just using it as a pattern.
 Bring me the piece of paper I'm going to do.
 For your August 4th floor, this is AKA Nina Flowers.
 Roots everywhere!
 Good morning, children.
 This morning, all of us were very concerned because we weren't finished.
 We actually are going to be a part of the video with RuPaul and, you know, this is it.
 This is the big moment.
 RuPaul is an icon and being able to be with her, it's incredible.
 Honestly, she enjoys it.
 She's not good.
 I wonder what the other girls are doing now.
 Sleeping with Victoria.
 Tommy.
 Akasha.
 Jade.
 Anjana.
 Chanel.
 Okay.
 I didn't want the prices, but I want other things.
 I want great experience.
 I want great friends.
 It's very unpredictable to say if I will win this challenge because there's very good competition.
 Thank you, mother.
 Move your body, move your body.
 Come on, Ru, now shake that body.
 Work the runway one more time.
 Let them see you blow our minds.
 Do the catwalk as we speak.
 Come on, lady.
 Do your peak.
 Cover, cover, magazine.
 Live those eyelids.
 Do your thing.
 How are we doing it?
 Like...
 I grew up in Badamon.
 That's a small town in Puerto Rico.
 Latin culture is very macho.
 So it was hard to pick all names.
 I have a wonderful family that were very loving.
 I came out when I was 16 years old.
 This is your next job.
 I come from a very humble family.
 We don't have cable TV, so all press show was never presented.
 All right, I'm ready.
 I'm ready for the judges to finish me.
 I'm ready for the judges to finish me.
 Nina Flowers.
 I was completely lost when I started creating my executive realness.
 But it turned out I was conservative and I wasn't selling sex.
 I was very surprised by how Rebecca gave me attitude.
 Every time I go to stage, I take from two to three hours to do my makeup.
 I can do makeup in less than two hours.
 It's just not gonna be like I wouldn't love it to be.
 And she always encouraged me to go for the things that I wanted in life.
 So she's a big part of this.
 I will honor her in that executive outfit.
 She's here with me and spirit.
 If I like what I see.
 Huh?
 Jorge.
 As in George.
 Oh, your name is George.
 Jorge, Jorge, Jorge.
 Help me break the news to my father.
 It was hard to be called names.
 Do the catwalk action.
 Ugh.
 Work.
 Do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do.
 I had a lot of tension because I was gonna be judged by her performance.
 And she was a little bit stiff.
 A little bit, a little bit rough.
 Why not?
 Nina Flowers is ready to be the next drag queen.
 Stop, don't put words in my mouth, girl.
 You're the one complaining, not me.
 It doesn't matter what anybody else has to say.
 It doesn't matter if the judge just don't like it.
 It doesn't matter because I feel good about myself.
 And I love what I see.
 But both of them.
 The challenge is that all of us have to prepare and campaign for D-Baglan.
 I'm not telling you right.
 No, of course not.
 Are you really?
 Yes, girl.
 I don't consider myself as a female impersonator.
 I like to be more androgynous.
 It's an extravaganza.
 You are beautiful.
 Oh, thank you.
 You're really beautiful, girl.
 Thank you.
 Like, whoa.
 This bitches.
 Fears.
 I can't wait to see who else is coming to compete.
 Ah, hi.
 Good.
 I've never wrapped before in my life, but it was so much fun.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Good luck.
 Thank you so much.
 I'm pretty sure that some people are not very comfortable about the kind of drag that I do.
 Ooh, it's severe up in here.
 I'm basing the executive woman in the image of my mom as a secretary.
 She was always very conservative and very elegant.
 That's my role model for this inspiration on this look.
 Mothers are very influential in drag queens, and she's no longer with us.
 She passed away five years ago, but she's still with me all the way.
 She was not only my mom, she was my best friend.
 It's a family portrait.
 I have proven to be consistent during the whole competition.
 I made it this far, and I'm going to keep fighting till the end.
 I'm going to go with Mango.
 Mac has collected $150 million to help people with HIV and AIDS.
 Be a part of Viva Glam.
 Thank you so much.
 I am, I am a Mac Viva Glam.
 Glamorous Diva, because I am beautiful, but also because I care.
 Mac Cosmetics.
 I am a Mac Viva Glam.
 Glamorous Diva.
 Bobbin turned the fan on.
 I was falling to it again.
 The crew today.
 The crew comes into the room with these fierce girls.
 Not fierce, like drag fierce, like fierce, like they look threatening.
 My little...
 The attention is killing me because I really want to know what's going to happen.
 There's somebody I want you to meet.
 Thank you so much, later.
 It helped release all the attention.
 Like Viva, Nina didn't go looking for drag. Drag found her.
 I discovered drag when I was in school for make parties, and we would practice in pairs.
 And that's how I discovered that I could change with makeup and look the way that I look, which is fabulous.
 Move your body, move your body, come on runa, shake that body, work there, run away one more time,
 and let them see you blow our mind.
 Oh my god.
 That was a mess.
 I don't know what the hell came out of my mouth.
 You have HIV?
 No, no, no.
 Thank you.
 No? Thank you, Nina.
 You're fired, Logga.
 Fired.
 Hello?
 Hello?
 I am absolute vodka, and I represent Miss Mango.
 Mmm.
 Oh, man.
 I face a little bit of challenge, because I think in Spanish, and sometimes there's a lot of words that I don't know how to translate.
 So it's an issue for me. I mean, now that I'm making an excuse, it's a real issue, you know? It's a reality. Let's do it.
 Now you can also...
 I'm going home a winner. We came.
 You're right.
 What's your name, darling?
 Rebecca Glass.
 Nina, what advice would you give to Jay?
 You need to learn to trust yourself and your instincts and be more out there.
 I think that you're too shy.
 You thought you were as beautiful as we see you as being beautiful?
 This night on a special edition, I have a section called "My Favorite Station of what Oprah is."
 It's a great challenge, literally transforming them into what we are. It's hard because these girls, they never wear dresses, they never wear makeup.
 Bibi was asking me, "How do I do this? How do I do that?"
 To me, it's very important that we can work together and look good.
 You're full of fabric.
 Yeah, like this, right?
 And obviously, this is going to be the front, and this is the back, okay?
