 I'm extremely nervous.
 I love feeling on their bodies and I help wash their backs and...
 WOO!
 That was fabulous!
 The way.
 Is Victoria Parker for your consideration?
 I would like to send out to the plus-size community.
 Live your dreams.
 Don't let anyone stop you.
 Don't let your size stop you.
 Unfortunately, I'm the first to go, but I made it here.
 I'm Victor.
 My stage name is Victoria Porte-Chop Parker.
 Victoria is very different from Victor.
 Victoria is very outgoing.
 She's very flirtatious.
 She likes to meet men and she likes to entertain.
 You know, I can do things as Victoria that I could never get away with as Victor.
 I'm a Snickers!
 Hey!
 Everyone's kind of young and everyone wants to have a good time.
 I think they need to realize that they might not be here.
 WOO!
 Oh, I've been doing this 21 years.
 So, I'm as Victoria when did you start doing drag?
 I did drag my first time on January 16, 1987.
 Please?
 Look how thin your eyebrows are.
 Tammy.
 Inspire the children.
 Here's the pleasure meeting all of you.
 Thank you for the opportunity.
 And I've had a great time and I wish all of the contestants the best of luck.
 Kind of.
 It's kind of a drag queen at the beach.
 I'm a lot of women.
 I incorporated a lot of outfits.
 I put three outfits apart.
 Put them all back together.
 Are you afraid that it's going to be more costume than sort of fashion?
 In a moment.
 A cautious kind of childish.
 I got selected in the top nine from thousands of people.
 Walking into the work room this morning is kind of overwhelming.
 Everything just laying there on the mannequins and on the tables.
 It was like, wow, this is a mess.
 Disaster.
 They took the noodles and everything.
 No, I'm having ecies.
 How you doing?
 F*** it up.
 Definitely, RuPaul influenced me.
 She was doing things that I've always wanted to do.
 She was on talk shows.
 She was on videos.
 Something.
 I hate my outfit, but this is what I've got to work with.
 So, I've got to make the best of what I've got.
 And the charisma that I've got inside of me, I'm trying to express it to the judges' panel.
 It's a definite advantage.
 It was really funny that as soon as this challenge started,
 that everybody got quiet and didn't say a word for about 30 minutes.
 I've been shot at.
 Really?
 Just because I was a female impersonator.
 I really wanted to...
 I don't know what you're talking about.
 The largest transformation to me was Nina Flowers.
 When she got out of drag, she held on a wife beater and was tattooed
 on her head to toe.
 She looks like a dude.
 I think it'd be maybe a hot house.
 I can sew on a button.
 I can sew a hole up in a dress, and that's about it.
 Let's wear it out.
 I'm kind of worried about Rebecca and Akasha.
 They're all freaked out.
 I'm kind of concerned because I like both of them a lot.
 So, I don't want to be your home.
 The last arrow I've marked.
 So, I have nothing to be upset about.
 I've always been taught in any situation.
 Whatever's going on around you, whatever you've got on, entertain.
 To be great.
 I thought to myself, I've got two gorgeous men to go stand in between
 and I'm going to make the most of this awesome.
 How was that scene?
 It wasn't as open as it was now.
 Back then, guys used to ride by and I've been shot at.
 I've had things in my room.
 No way.
 I had to go to the emergency room and drag just because I was a female impersonator
 and I was standing in front of a gay bar.
 Rebecca, nice to meet you.
 Hi, Victoria.
 Thank you, Rebecca.
 Miss Victoria Parker.
 This is the first outfit I've ever made in my life.
 I've never.
 I think Akasha needs a little bit more help and a little bit more training.
 I've been doing this a long time.
